✅ Step-by-Step Fix
🔧 Step 1: Open Terminal in VS Code
Press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>`</kbd> (backtick) in VS Code, or go to Terminal > New Terminal.

📦 Step 2: Install Missing Libraries
Run this full command in your terminal:

bash
Copy
Edit
pip install boto3 botocore PyJWT flask cachetools requests fusepy
If you get errors like "pip is not recognized", try using:

bash
Copy
Edit
python -m pip install ...
🧠 Note:
jwt → Comes from the PyJWT package

fuse → Comes from fusepy

You must be connected to the internet for these installations.

🧪 Step 3: Verify Installation
Run:

bash
Copy
Edit
pip list
Check that these packages appear in the list:

boto3

botocore

PyJWT

Flask

cachetools

requests

fusepy

⚙️ Step 4: Restart VS Code & Select Correct Interpreter
Press <kbd>Ctrl+Shift+P</kbd> → Type: Python: Select Interpreter

Choose the one that includes the packages you installed (often ends in ...venv\Scripts\python.exe or similar).

✅ Done
Once installed and the interpreter is correctly set, Pylance errors should disappear.

Let me know if you're using a virtual environment, or if you get any installation errors — especially for fusepy (which can require special handling on Windows).



You said:
OS error unable to lib fuse

ChatGPT said:
Searching the web...

Thanks for the update.

🔍 You're seeing this:
OSError: unable to load libfuse

This is a common issue when your system doesn’t have the FUSE (Filesystem in Userspace) library available, or the Python package (like fusepy) can’t find it.

✅ What You Need to Do (Based on OS)
🪟 If you're on Windows:
FUSE is not supported natively, but here's what you can do:

🔧 Option 1: Install WinFsp
WinFsp is a Windows-compatible alternative to FUSE that works with fusepy.

Steps:
Download WinFsp
👉 https://winfsp.dev/rel/

Install it (accept default options)

Restart VS Code / your computer

Ensure your Python project is using fusepy.

Try running the code again.

💡 Option 2: Use WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux)
If your project depends heavily on native FUSE features:

Open PowerShell as Administrator

Install WSL:

powershell
Copy
Edit
wsl --install
This installs Ubuntu and sets it up.

Inside WSL (Ubuntu terminal):

bash
Copy
Edit
sudo apt update
sudo apt install fuse
Move your Python code into WSL and run it there.

🍎 If you're on macOS:
Install FUSE using Homebrew:

bash
Copy
Edit
brew install macfuse
🐧 If you're on Linux (Ubuntu/Debian):
Just run:

bash
Copy
Edit
sudo apt install fuse
If you're using a different Linux distro, let me know.

❗ Still Not Working?
If you’ve done all this and still get the error:

Let me know which OS you are using

Share the full traceback or error message

Show how you're importing or using FUSE (fusepy)

That way, I can give more specific help.





For Windows:
Open Command Prompt or PowerShell and run these commands, replacing the placeholder values with your actual AWS resource names.

Bash

set IMAGE_BUCKET_NAME="your-s3-bucket-name"
set DEVICE_TABLE_NAME="your-dynamodb-table-name"
set CLOUDROM_SECRET_ARN="arn:aws:secretsmanager:your-region:your-account-id:secret:your-secret-name"
After running these, execute your Python script from the same terminal window.



Creating AWS resources can be done through the AWS Management Console, which is a web-based interface. Here are the step-by-step instructions for creating the three specific resources your Python script needs: an S3 bucket, a DynamoDB table, and a Secrets Manager secret.

1. Create an S3 Bucket
Sign in to the AWS Management Console.

In the search bar at the top, type S3 and select it from the results.

Click the Create bucket button.

General configuration:

AWS Region: Choose a region that is geographically close to you.

Bucket name: Enter a globally unique name for your bucket. It must be lowercase, without spaces or underscores. This will be your IMAGE_BUCKET_NAME.

Object Ownership: Leave the default setting, "ACLs disabled".

Block Public Access settings for this bucket: Leave "Block all public access" checked (this is the default and a best practice for security).

Click Create bucket.

2. Create a DynamoDB Table
In the AWS Management Console, search for DynamoDB and select it.

In the navigation pane on the left, select Tables, then click Create table.

Table details:

Table name: Enter a name for your table. This will be your DEVICE_TABLE_NAME.

Partition key: This is the primary key that uniquely identifies an item. Enter device_id as the key name and choose String as its data type. This matches the logic in your script.

Table settings:

Choose On-demand capacity mode. This is a good choice for unpredictable workloads as you only pay for what you use.

Click Create table.

3. Create a Secrets Manager Secret


In the AWS Management Console, search for Secrets Manager and select it.

Click the Store a new secret button.

Choose secret type:

Select Other type of secret.

In the Key/value pairs section, you can enter your secret. A common approach is to store a key-value pair for a JWT_SECRET_KEY.

Key: JWT_SECRET_KEY

Value: Generate a strong, random string of characters to use as your secret key. You can use a password generator or any secure method to create this value.

Click Next.

Configure secret:

Secret name: Enter a descriptive name for your secret. This will be used to get the ARN (CLOUDROM_SECRET_ARN).

Click Next twice to skip the rotation and review pages.

Click Store.

After the secret is created, click on its name to open its details page. Copy the Secret ARN from this page. This is the value you will use for CLOUDROM_SECRET_ARN.